♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Zuma] "Pups and the Lighthouse Boogie"
[grunts]
Huh?
Getting windy out here!
[both][ Game on!
[both growl]
[laughs]
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
-[beeps]
-[quacks]
♪ Shake it, move it ♪
Wow, you pups take
your dance game seriously.
It's the "So You Think You Can
Pup Pup Boogie" dance-off.
♪ Pup Pup Boogie, can't get enough ♪
♪ Can't get enough ♪
The splits?
Really? [grunts]
Yes!
And no.
-[buzzes]
-[grunts]
[quacks]
Uh, can I get a paw here?
-You okay, Rubble?
-No!
Now I'm out!
[yaps] And I'm in!
Big spin!
Whoa! [grunts]
Oh, and I'm out.
-Which means I'm in!
-♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
Whoa!
Alex, look! The perfect picture
for the Adventure Bay poster.
-Mayor Goodway!
-One moment, Alex.
But Mayor Goodway…
I'm getting
an exciting waterfowl action shot.
[squawks]
But look at that, Mayor Goodway!
[gasps] You're right, Alex!
An amazing animal!
A beautiful narwhal whale! [gasps]
Can we get a closer look?
Great idea!
I can get some close-ups.
Let's row out a little.
Hurry! We don't want to miss it.
[barks]
Sorry, Wally, no snacks right now.
We're going to see the super cute narwhal.
[beeping]
-You can't touch this.
-Watch and learn, dude.
[vocalizes]
I've totally got this.
[laughs]
Look at all the old fetch balls
I'm going to recycle.
Left, right, turn, jump!
Whoa! Whoa!
We're having a ball now. [chuckles]
-Oh!
-[laughs]
Look! The whale wants to play!
Oh, Alex and Mayor Goodway
are going whale watching.
Oh, but they're rowing right into a storm.
I'd better give them a hand
getting to shore.
Oops, my raincoat!
Oh no! [grunts]
I'm locked in the lighthouse!
-Ah! Now I need help.
-[beeps]
-♪ Pup Pup Boogie, can't get enough ♪
-[both] Go, Zuma!
[both] Go, Chase!
Who are you cheering for, Ryder?
-Uh, both of them.
-[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Ryder here.
It's Cap'n Turbot, Ryder.
I've got a bit of a problem.
What's wrong, Captain?
Well, a storm is blowing in,
and Mayor Goodway and Alex
are out on the water!
Don't worry. We'll get them.
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
[Turbot] Oh, and Ryder,
after you've rescued them,
could you rescue me?
[chuckles] I seem to have locked myself
in the lighthouse.
[laughs]
Sure thing, Cap'n. We're on our way.
[beeps]
[both] Another star.
Who rules at Pup Pup Boogie?
That would be me.
-[beeps]
-PAW Patrol to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
[Marshall] Here I come!
Whoa!
[grunts]
Look, all tidied up.
Almost.
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
[beeps]
Sorry to interrupt
your dance contest, pups,
but we've got some rescuing to do.
Mayor Goodway and Alex rode out
to do some whale watching,
but didn't know
there was a storm coming in.
Cap'n Turbot tried to help,
but got stuck in the lighthouse.
[Turbot] Now I need help!
Skye, I need your helicopter and goggles
to find the rowboat.
[barks]
Let's take to the sky.
[beeps]
Zuma, I need you and your hovercraft
to tow the boat in.
All right, but let's do it fast.
What's the hurry, Zuma?
It's the first time I ever made
the Pup Pup Boogie Dance-off Finals.
And I'm going to win!
It's okay, Zuma.
I can out-dance you after you're done.
In your dreams, dude.
[all laugh]
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-Yeah! [barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[laughs]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-Whoo, yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
Yay! [barks]
-[barks] Yeah!
-♪ Skye! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Zuma! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] Life jacket, deploy!
Wow, that storm rolled in fast.
How's it going, Skye?
This wind's really strong,
but I'm hanging in there.
Whoa!
Ryder, it's too windy for my helicopter.
I have to land.
Be careful, Skye.
These waves are cool!
[chuckles] These waves are big!
-Let's get back to shore.
-I can help.
-[thunder rumbles]
-Yes, wonderful. Row us to shore.
[grunts]
[Alex] I'm not sure this is working.
[Goodway] Of course it's working.
We're going in circles.
Ah!
[squawks]
Whee!
Oh, dear, the waves are too big.
What should we do?
Thanks. I needed that.
Okay, Alex, let's row together.
Another wave!
Whee!
Whoa!
-The oar!
-[Alex laughs]
I'm calm. I'm calm!
[barks]
[Skye] Sorry, Ryder,
I can't search for the boat
until the wind calms down.
See if you can get
into Cap'n Turbot's lighthouse.
You can spot them from there.
Great idea.
[Turbot] Hello? Anybody out there?
[grunts]
Oh, look out! Whoa!
-Skye, am I happy to see you!
-[laughs]
[Skye] Oh no, not good.
[gasps]
Ryder, the boat is north of Seal Island.
Thanks, Skye! We're on our way.
-Just stay calm, Alex.
-I am.
Look at the pretty sunset.
Sunset?
We're in the middle of a horrible storm
and I'm paddling in circles.
How can you be so calm?
Hey, I can see Ryder and Zuma.
Look, Chickaletta. It's Ryder!
Sit tight! Zuma's
going to shoot you his buoy.
[barks]
Buoy.
Uh-oh, too much wind!
-Oh, I'll get it.
-[clucks]
Whoa!
Oh!
Thank you, Wally.
[barks]
Yay! Wally!
The coolest animal ever saved the day!
Hooray for Wally!
[barks]
Let's get you to shore.
It's getting dark
and it's still pretty stormy.
We should stop at Cap'n
Turbot's lighthouse.
[barks]
[cheers]
[all] They made it!
-Whoo-hoo!
-[all cheer]
[Goodway] Oh, what an adventure.
Ryder, thank you.
Chickaletta thanks you too.
[clucks]
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help.
We couldn't do it without Wally!
[barks]
[laughs]
I bet all that rescuing made him hungry.
Want to give him a treat?
Thanks, Cap'n Turbot.
Thanks, Wally!
[laughs]
Let's get inside and dry off.
Bye, Wally!
-Yeah…
-What's wrong, Zuma?
Nothing. Just, I'm going to miss
the Pup Pup Boogie Dance-off.
Pup Pup Boogie? Oh, I love that game!
I'm a real boogie master.
You play Pup Pup Boogie?
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie
Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
Come on!
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
[Zuma] It's so cool you have
the Pup Pup Boogie game.
Too bad Chase isn't here
for me to beat him.
Hang on, Zuma.
Chase will be here in one second.
Huh?
[beeps]
[Turbot] We can connect
the games on the screen.
Great rescue, Zuma.
Now you're ready to boogie.
Whoa, dude, this is so cool!
Thanks, Cap'n Turbot. Thanks, Ryder.
Thanks for being such good pups.
[both] Let's boogie!
♪ Do the Pup Pup Boogie ♪
[all laughing]
[Goodway] Come on, shake it off.
[theme song playing]